feat(Table): add indeterminate checkbox state support for select-all header (#12411)
patternfly/patternfly-react: packages/react-table/src/components/Table/examples/Table.md

```

### Selectable with indeterminate state

> This example demonstrates the indeterminate state support for the select-all checkbox. When some (but not all) rows are selected, the header checkbox displays a dash/minus icon to indicate partial selection.

Reviewer: Just to match the tone we typically try to have for example descriptions:

```suggestion
To indicate partial selection, use `isIndeterminate` on the header's `select` prop. When some (but not all) selectable rows are selected, the header checkbox will convey this information to assistive technologies and also display a dash instead of a checkmark.
```
